Add SEO descriptions for LEARN section (dapp-dev, SC) (#783)
lukso-network/docs: docs/learn/concepts.md

---
sidebar_label: '📑 Concepts & Glossary'
sidebar_position: 2

> description: 'Most frequently used concepts related to the LUKSO Ecosystem: Universal Profiles, Controllers, Transaction Relay Service'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Most frequently used concepts related to the LUKSO Ecosystem: Universal Profiles, Controllers, Transaction Relay Service.'
```
